## Zennia
A true RPG experience with some Tibia sprinkled in.

------------


### Changes
#### Server Side
- Creatures
	- Experience Generation
	- Gold Generation
	- Item Drops
	- Attack/Defense/Armor
	- Static Attack (Randomness of creature movements)
	- Monster Levels (Based upon difficulty)

- Gold System
	- Less gold is generated by monsters.
	- Non humanoids no longer drop gold. But still drop creature products, which can be sold.
	- Items cost less and will sell for less at NPCs. Some items that were once buyable are no longer buyable.
	- Item worth / Gold exchanged balanced.

- Weapons
	- More spears are added to the game. Spears no longer start at 30 attack.
		- Wooden Spear (Atk: 10)
		- Stone Tipped Spear (Atk: 15)
		- Knight Spear (Atk: 20)
	- More clubs are added to the game to balance the amount of melee weapons for low level knights.
		- Light Mace (Atk: 11, Def: 10)
		- Spiked Club (Atk: 14, Def: 11)
- Spells
	- Sorcerer:
		- Lesser Energy Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple energy attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Death Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple death attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Holy Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple holy attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Magic Missile (ML: 4)
			- Torrent of 4 magic missiles that attack the target from a distance.
		- Lesser Electrify (ML: 4)
			- DoT energy attack that deals 8 damage every 3 seconds for 15 seconds.
		- Lesser Torment (ML: 4)
			- DoT death attack that deals 8 damage every 3 seconds for 15 seconds.
		- Greater Light (ML: 20)
			- Grants a large amount of light for 1 minute.
	- Druid:
		- Lesser Rejuvenation (ML: 0)
			- HoT spell that heals 10 health every 3 seconds for 30 seconds.
		- Lesser Flame Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple fire attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Earth Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple earth attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Ice Strike (ML: 2)
			- Simple ice attack based on magic level.
		- Lesser Ignite (ML: 4)
			- DoT fire attack that deals 8 damage every 3 seconds for 15 seconds.
		- Lesser Quake (ML: 4)
			- DoT earth attack that deals 8 damage every 3 seconds for 15 seconds.
		- Lesser Frostbite (ML: 4)
			- DoT ice attack that deals 8 damage every 3 seconds for 15 seconds.
		- Rejuvenation (ML: 4)
			- HoT spell that heals 20 health every 3 seconds for 30 seconds.
		- Greater Light (ML: 20)
			- Grants a large amount of light for 1 minute.
	- Paladin:
	- Knight:
	- Universal:
		- Lesser Heal (ML: 0)
			- Heals the player for a low amount of health based on magic level.
		- Lesser Light (ML: 0)
			- Grants a small amount of light for 1 minute.
		- Heal (ML: 2)
			- Heals the player for an average amount of health based on magic level.
		- Light (ML: 4)
			- Grants an average amount of light for 1 minute.
		
#### Client Side
- Sprites
	- Sprites of some items are changed to reflect a new style. Taken from 7.4-10.98 as well as OT Sprite Pack and being hand made by me.

- Lighting
	- Lighting is changed for various light sources found throughout the game to reflect a darker atmosphere, for a better RPG experience.
	- Ambient lighting is removed from the game and defaults to 0. There will be no ambient lighting in this project.

------------


##### To Do:
- To Remove:
	- Rune stacking.
	- Modal trade windows.

- To Add:
	- Redesigned fishing system.
	- Redesigned potion system.
	- New day / night cycle that reflects real life day / night colorations.
	- Completely custom spells and spell system.
	- Ceremonial weapons (Druid rod replacement).
	- Staves (Sorcerer wand replacement).
- Done:
	- Removed:
		- Ability to logoff in a PZ zone while combat locked.
		- Full health & mana on level up.
		- Every original spell.
	- Added:
		- 5 slot quiver.
		- Monster Level System (Based on difficulty and without bonus attribution to attack, defense, speed and experience).
